docs: fix stale refs, prune low-signal content, add missing coverage (#576)
linuxfoundation/lfx-v2-pcc-ui: docs/architecture/testing/testing-best-practices.md

Survives copy, layout, styling, and library changes. Every LFX One component exposes its own testid surface, so feature specs should never reach below it with CSS selectors.

```typescript
// profile-identities-verify.spec.ts
await expect(page.getByTestId('identity-row-idf-2')).toContainText('jdoe@company.org');
```

### 2. Semantic queries — acceptable for accessibility-sensitive flows

`getByRole`, `getByLabel`, and `getByPlaceholder` read well and exercise accessibility metadata at the same time. Use them for form labels, buttons with meaningful ARIA names, and headings.

```typescript
await expect(page.getByRole('button', { name: 'Open filter options' })).toBeVisible();
await expect(page.getByLabel('Project Name')).toBeFocused();
```

### 3. `getByText()` — narrow, assert-and-act only

Acceptable for copy that is itself part of the assertion (empty states, status tags). Don't use it as a primary locator for interactive elements — translations and copy changes break tests that don't need to.

```typescript
await expect(page.getByText('No badges yet')).toBeVisible(); // ✓ asserting empty-state copy
```

### 4. CSS selectors — last resort, prefix-scoped

> Only reach for raw CSS when querying a _set_ of testids sharing a prefix:

Reviewer: 🔵 **Minor** — Use the canonical `data-testid` term.

The prose alternates between `data-testid` (correct attribute name) and informal `testid` / `testids`. Same point [CodeRabbit raised at #3134538032](https://github.com/linuxfoundation/lfx-v2-ui/pull/576#discussion_r3134538032) — also flagged by LanguageTool. Affects lines 11, 37, 85, 135, 142, 146, 148, 225, and 234.

For this line:

```suggestion
Only reach for raw CSS when querying a _set_ of `data-testid`s sharing a prefix:
```

Apply the same pattern to the other occurrences — `data-testid` for the attribute itself and "test IDs" for general plural prose.

Author: Done — converted the informal `testid` / `testids` prose to `data-testid` (for the attribute itself) or "test IDs" (for general plural). Swept every occurrence flagged at lines 11, 37, 85, 135, 142, 146, 148, 225, 234. See commit 8ef00a1b.
